Update gcp Cloud Shell tutorial (#10)
hashicorp/terraform-getting-started-gcp-cloud-shell: README.md

# Terraform GSG on GCP with Cloud Shell

A Getting Started Tutorial for Terraform and Google Cloud Platform, using
Google's interactive [Cloud Shell](https://cloud.google.com/shell/).

## Purpose

This tutorial will help you learn how to use
[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/intro/index.html "Introduction to

> Terraform"), an open source "Infrastructure as Code" tool provided by HashiCorp.

Reviewer: does infrastructure as code need to be in quotes?

Reviewer: also active voice, "provided by HashiCorp"

> Terraform"), an open source "Infrastructure as Code" tool provided by HashiCorp.

Reviewer: I would combine these two sections together since they both "introduce" the purpose of this repo, then create another section for prerequisites

Since this tutorial will be using Google Cloud Platform (GCP), it's designed for
those with some experience GCP. While no specialized GCP knowledge is required,

> the guide assumes knowledge of basic GCP concepts and terminology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since this tutorial uses Google Cloud Platform (GCP), this tutorial assumes 
you know basic GCP concepts and terminology.
```

> ## Using

Reviewer: Can you rename this so it's more descriptive?

To follow this tutorial, you will need a Google Cloud Platform (GCP) account. If
you do not have a GCP account, [create one
now](https://console.cloud.google.com/freetrial/). This tutorial can be
completed using only the services included in the GCP [free

> tier](https://cloud.google.com/free/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
now](https://console.cloud.google.com/freetrial/). You can complete
this tutorial using only the services included in the GCP [free
tier](https://cloud.google.com/free/).
```

You can follow this guide from within Google's Cloud Shell starting with [this link](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_image=gcr.io/graphite-cloud-shell-images/terraform:latest&cloudshell_git_repo=https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-getting-started-gcp-cloud-shell&cloudshell_git_branch=master&cloudshell_working_dir=tutorial/&open_in_editor=./main.tf&cloudshell_tutorial=./cloudshell_tutorial.md)

You will be prompted to trust this image. Answer "Yes".

## Use a Custome Image

> This tutorial works fine with the image used above. However, the version of Terraform included in that image may not be the latest version. You can build a Docker image with the latest version instead if you prefer.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "image", is it referring to the cloud shell environment? Can you be more explicit? This could be rephrased to be more clear

```suggestion
## Use a Custome Image

This tutorial works with the image used above. However, the version of Terraform included in that image may not be the latest version. You can build a Docker image with the latest version instead if you prefer.
```

### Build the Docker Image

1. Set up docker and the gcloud command line utility as described in the "Before you begin" section of the [GCP Container Registry Quickstart](https://cloud.google.com/container-registry/docs/quickstart "Container Registry Quickstart Documentation").

> 1. Run: `docker build . -t terraform-gcp-gsg:v$(date "+%Y-%m-%d")`

Reviewer: These commands should be codefenced, ```, since github has a nifty copy to clipboard for codefences

1. Optionally, inspect/test image - for example:
  `docker run -it --entrypoint /bin/sh terraform-gcp-gsg:v$(date "+%Y-%m-%d")`

### Deploy Docker Image the GCP Image Registry

> 1. Make sure docker is configured to authenticate with gcloud:

Reviewer: The numbering is off:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7556325/123694204-e0a4c000-d80d-11eb-8931-06c750d1c476.png)

### Build the Docker Image

1. Set up docker and the gcloud command line utility as described in the "Before you begin" section of the [GCP Container Registry Quickstart](https://cloud.google.com/container-registry/docs/quickstart "Container Registry Quickstart Documentation").
1. Run: `docker build . -t terraform-gcp-gsg:v$(date "+%Y-%m-%d")`
1. Optionally, inspect/test image - for example:
  `docker run -it --entrypoint /bin/sh terraform-gcp-gsg:v$(date "+%Y-%m-%d")`

### Deploy docker image to the image registry
### Deploy Docker Image the GCP Image Registry

1. Make sure docker is configured to authenticate with gcloud:
  - `gcloud auth configure-docker`
1. `docker tag terraform-gcp-gsg:v$(date "+%Y-%m-%d") gcr.io/[PROJECT-ID]/terraform-gcp-gsg:v$(date "+%Y-%m-%d")`

### Using the docker image with Cloud Shell
### Use the Docker Image with Cloud Shell

1. Update the URL above to use the URL to your new docker image.
1. You'll be prompted to trust this image. Answer "Yes".

> ## Known Issues

Reviewer: is there a reason you removed this?

Author: It's not really useful anymore - it talked about the google_project_services issue that's been fixed, and also a vague and not very helpful warning about cloud shell not working well if you have networking problems.

# Terraform Getting Started Guide on GCP with Cloud Shell

> A Getting Started Tutorial for Terraform and Google Cloud Platform, using

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Getting Started Tutorial for Terraform and Google Cloud Platform (GCP), using
```

Google's interactive [Cloud Shell](https://cloud.google.com/shell/).

This tutorial will help you learn [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/intro/index.html "Introduction to
Terraform"), an open source Infrastructure as Code tool.

This tutorial assumes 
you know basic GCP concepts and terminology.

> ## Launch the Tutorial

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Launch the tutorial
```

assuming we should follow our Learn style guide for these -- sentence case for headings

> To follow this tutorial, you will need a Google Cloud Platform (GCP) account. If

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To follow this tutorial, you will need a Google Cloud Platform account. If
```

you do not have a GCP account, [create one
now](https://console.cloud.google.com/freetrial/). You can complete
this tutorial using only the services included in the GCP [free

> tier](https://cloud.google.com/free/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
now](https://console.cloud.google.com/freetrial/). This tutorial uses services included in the GCP [free
tier](https://cloud.google.com/free/).
```

> You can follow this guide from within Google's Cloud Shell starting with [this link](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_image=gcr.io/graphite-cloud-shell-images/terraform:latest&cloudshell_git_repo=https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-getting-started-gcp-cloud-shell&cloudshell_git_branch=master&cloudshell_working_dir=tutorial/&open_in_editor=./main.tf&cloudshell_tutorial=./cloudshell_tutorial.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Complete this tutorial in [Google's Cloud Shell](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_image=gcr.io/graphite-cloud-shell-images/terraform:latest&cloudshell_git_repo=https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-getting-started-gcp-cloud-shell&cloudshell_git_branch=master&cloudshell_working_dir=tutorial/&open_in_editor=./main.tf&cloudshell_tutorial=./cloudshell_tutorial.md).
```

> You will be prompted to trust this image. Answer "Yes".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When prompted to trust the tutorial image, answer "Yes".
```

> ## Use a Custom Image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Use a custom image
```

> This tutorial works with the image used above. However, the version of Terraform included in that image (`v1.0.1`) may not be the latest version. You can build and use a Docker image with the latest version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tutorial uses a Docker image. The version of Terraform included in that image (`v1.0.1`) may not be the latest version. To build and use a Docker image with the latest version see the instructions below.
```

> ### Build the Docker Image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Build the Docker image
```

> 1. Set up docker and the gcloud command line utility as described in the "Before you begin" section of the [GCP Container Registry Quickstart](https://cloud.google.com/container-registry/docs/quickstart "Container Registry Quickstart Documentation").

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set up Docker and the gcloud command line utility as described in the "Before you begin" section of the [GCP Container Registry Quickstart](https://cloud.google.com/container-registry/docs/quickstart "Container Registry Quickstart Documentation").
```

1. Build the image:
    ```sh
    docker build . -t terraform-gcp-gsg:v$(date "+%Y-%m-%d")
    ```
1. Optionally, inspect/test image locally:
    ```sh
    docker run -it --entrypoint /bin/sh terraform-gcp-gsg:v$(date "+%Y-%m-%d")
    ```

### Deploy Docker Image the GCP Image Registry

1. Make sure docker is configured to authenticate with gcloud:
    ```sh
    gcloud auth configure-docker
    ```
1. Tag the image, replacing `[PROJECT-ID]` with your Google Cloud's project ID:
    ```sh
    docker tag terraform-gcp-gsg:v$(date "+%Y-%m-%d") gcr.io/[PROJECT-ID]/terraform-gcp-gsg:v$(date "+%Y-%m-%d")
    ```

> ### Use the Docker Image with Cloud Shell

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Use the Docker image with Cloud Shell
```

# Terraform Getting Started Guide on GCP with Cloud Shell

A Getting Started Tutorial for Terraform and Google Cloud Platform, using
Google's interactive [Cloud Shell](https://cloud.google.com/shell/).

This tutorial will help you learn how to use
[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/intro/index.html "Introduction to

> Terraform"), an open source Infrastructure as Code tool.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This tutorial will help you learn [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/intro/index.html "Introduction to
Terraform"), an open source Infrastructure as Code tool.
```

> Since this tutorial uses Google Cloud Platform (GCP), this tutorial assumes 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This tutorial assumes 
```

you know basic GCP concepts and terminology.

## Launch the Tutorial

To follow this tutorial, you will need a Google Cloud Platform (GCP) account. If
you do not have a GCP account, [create one
now](https://console.cloud.google.com/freetrial/). You can complete
this tutorial using only the services included in the GCP [free
tier](https://cloud.google.com/free/).

> You can follow this guide from within Google's Cloud Shell starting with [this link](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_image=gcr.io/graphite-cloud-shell-images/terraform:latest&cloudshell_git_repo=https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-getting-started-gcp-cloud-shell&cloudshell_git_branch=master&cloudshell_working_dir=tutorial/&open_in_editor=./main.tf&cloudshell_tutorial=./cloudshell_tutorial.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow this guide from within Google's Cloud Shell starting with [this link](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_image=gcr.io/graphite-cloud-shell-images/terraform:latest&cloudshell_git_repo=https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-getting-started-gcp-cloud-shell&cloudshell_git_branch=master&cloudshell_working_dir=tutorial/&open_in_editor=./main.tf&cloudshell_tutorial=./cloudshell_tutorial.md).
```

You will be prompted to trust this image. Answer "Yes".

> ## Use a Custome Image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use a Custom Image
```

> This tutorial works with the image used above. However, the version of Terraform included in that image may not be the latest version. You can build a Docker image with the latest version instead if you prefer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial works with the image used above. However, the version of Terraform included in that image (`v1.0.1`) may not be the latest version. You can build and use a Docker image with the latest version.
```

### Build the Docker Image

1. Set up docker and the gcloud command line utility as described in the "Before you begin" section of the [GCP Container Registry Quickstart](https://cloud.google.com/container-registry/docs/quickstart "Container Registry Quickstart Documentation").
1. Build the image:
    ```sh
    docker build . -t terraform-gcp-gsg:v$(date "+%Y-%m-%d")
    ```
1. Optionally, inspect/test image locally:
    ```sh
    docker run -it --entrypoint /bin/sh terraform-gcp-gsg:v$(date "+%Y-%m-%d")
    ```

### Deploy Docker Image the GCP Image Registry

1. Make sure docker is configured to authenticate with gcloud:
    ```sh
    gcloud auth configure-docker
    ```

> 1. Tag the image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Tag the image, replacing `[PROJECT-ID]` with your Google Cloud's project ID:
```
